[Music]
[Music] and rehabilitation for all Israel had
and rehabilitation for all Israel had
and rehabilitation for all Israel had gone to Shechem to make him King so it
gone to Shechem to make him King so it
gone to Shechem to make him King so it happened when Jeroboam the son of Nebat
happened when Jeroboam the son of Nebat
happened when Jeroboam the son of Nebat heard it he was still in Egypt for he
heard it he was still in Egypt for he
heard it he was still in Egypt for he had fled from the presence of King
had fled from the presence of King
had fled from the presence of King Solomon and had been dwelling in Egypt
Solomon and had been dwelling in Egypt
Solomon and had been dwelling in Egypt that they sent and called him then
that they sent and called him then
that they sent and called him then Jeroboam and the whole Assembly of
Jeroboam and the whole Assembly of
Jeroboam and the whole Assembly of Israel came and spoke to Rehoboam your
Israel came and spoke to Rehoboam your
Israel came and spoke to Rehoboam your father made our yoke heavy
father made our yoke heavy
father made our yoke heavy now therefore lightened the burdensome
now therefore lightened the burdensome
now therefore lightened the burdensome service of your father and his heavy
service of your father and his heavy
service of your father and his heavy yoke which he put on us and we will
yoke which he put on us and we will
yoke which he put on us and we will serve you the part for three days then
serve you the part for three days then
serve you the part for three days then come back to me and the people departed
come back to me and the people departed
come back to me and the people departed then King Rehoboam consulted the elders
then King Rehoboam consulted the elders
then King Rehoboam consulted the elders who stood before his father Solomon
who stood before his father Solomon
who stood before his father Solomon while he still lived and he said how do
while he still lived and he said how do
while he still lived and he said how do you advise me to answer these people if
you advise me to answer these people if
you advise me to answer these people if you will be a servant to these people
you will be a servant to these people
you will be a servant to these people today and serve them and answer them and
today and serve them and answer them and
today and serve them and answer them and speak good words to them then they will
speak good words to them then they will
speak good words to them then they will be your servants forever
be your servants forever
be your servants forever but he rejected the advice which the
but he rejected the advice which the
but he rejected the advice which the elders had given him and consulted the
elders had given him and consulted the
elders had given him and consulted the young men who had grown up with him who
young men who had grown up with him who
young men who had grown up with him who stood before him what advice do you give
stood before him what advice do you give
stood before him what advice do you give how should we answer this people who
how should we answer this people who
how should we answer this people who have spoken to me saying lighten the
have spoken to me saying lighten the
have spoken to me saying lighten the yoke which your father put on us thus
yoke which your father put on us thus
yoke which your father put on us thus you should speak to this people who have
you should speak to this people who have
you should speak to this people who have spoken to you saying your father made
spoken to you saying your father made
spoken to you saying your father made our yoke heavy but you make it lighter
our yoke heavy but you make it lighter
our yoke heavy but you make it lighter on us thus you shall say to them my
on us thus you shall say to them my
on us thus you shall say to them my little finger shall be thicker than my
little finger shall be thicker than my
little finger shall be thicker than my father's waist and now whereas my father
father's waist and now whereas my father
father's waist and now whereas my father put a heavy yoke on you I will add to
put a heavy yoke on you I will add to
put a heavy yoke on you I will add to your yoke my father chastised you with
your yoke my father chastised you with
your yoke my father chastised you with whips but I will chastise you with
whips but I will chastise you with
whips but I will chastise you with sturgeons so Jeroboam
sturgeons so Jeroboam
sturgeons so Jeroboam and all the people came to Rehoboam the
and all the people came to Rehoboam the
and all the people came to Rehoboam the third day as the King had directed
third day as the King had directed
third day as the King had directed saying come back to me the third day
saying come back to me the third day
saying come back to me the third day then the King answered the people
then the King answered the people
then the King answered the people roughly and rejected the advice which
roughly and rejected the advice which
roughly and rejected the advice which the elders have given him and he spoke
the elders have given him and he spoke
the elders have given him and he spoke to them according to the advice of the
to them according to the advice of the
to them according to the advice of the young men my father made your yoke heavy
young men my father made your yoke heavy
young men my father made your yoke heavy but I will add to your yoke my father
but I will add to your yoke my father
but I will add to your yoke my father chastised you with whips but I will
chastised you with whips but I will
chastised you with whips but I will chastise you with scourging so the King
chastise you with scourging so the King
chastise you with scourging so the King did not listen to the people of a turn
did not listen to the people of a turn
did not listen to the people of a turn of events was from the Lord that he
of events was from the Lord that he
of events was from the Lord that he might fulfill his word which the Lord
might fulfill his word which the Lord
might fulfill his word which the Lord had spoken by a high Jew the Shila night
had spoken by a high Jew the Shila night
had spoken by a high Jew the Shila night to Jeroboam the son of Nebat now when
to Jeroboam the son of Nebat now when
to Jeroboam the son of Nebat now when all Israel saw that the king did not
all Israel saw that the king did not
all Israel saw that the king did not listen to them the people answered the
listen to them the people answered the
listen to them the people answered the king
king
king what share have we and David we have no
what share have we and David we have no
what share have we and David we have no inheritance in the son of Jesse
inheritance in the son of Jesse
inheritance in the son of Jesse - you're tense Oh Israel now see to your
- you're tense Oh Israel now see to your
- you're tense Oh Israel now see to your own household David
own household David
own household David so Israel departed to their tents but
rehabilitated then King Rehoboam sent
rehabilitated then King Rehoboam sent adora who was in charge of the revenue
adora who was in charge of the revenue
adora who was in charge of the revenue but all Israel's stoned him with stones
but all Israel's stoned him with stones
but all Israel's stoned him with stones and he died
and he died
and he died [Music]
[Music]
[Music] therefore King Rehoboam mounted his
therefore King Rehoboam mounted his
therefore King Rehoboam mounted his chariot in haste to flee to Jerusalem so
chariot in haste to flee to Jerusalem so
chariot in haste to flee to Jerusalem so Israel has been in rebellion against the
Israel has been in rebellion against the
Israel has been in rebellion against the house of David to this day now it came
house of David to this day now it came
house of David to this day now it came to pass when all Israel heard that
to pass when all Israel heard that
to pass when all Israel heard that Jeroboam had come back they sent for him
Jeroboam had come back they sent for him
Jeroboam had come back they sent for him and called him to the congregation and
and called him to the congregation and
and called him to the congregation and made him king over all Israel there was
made him king over all Israel there was
made him king over all Israel there was none who followed the house of David but
none who followed the house of David but
none who followed the house of David but the tribe of Judah only and when we
the tribe of Judah only and when we
the tribe of Judah only and when we Harbor name to Jerusalem he assembled
Harbor name to Jerusalem he assembled
Harbor name to Jerusalem he assembled all the house of Judah with the tribe of
all the house of Judah with the tribe of
all the house of Judah with the tribe of Benjamin 180,000 chosen men who were
Benjamin 180,000 chosen men who were
Benjamin 180,000 chosen men who were warriors to fight against the house of
warriors to fight against the house of
warriors to fight against the house of Israel that he might restore the kingdom
Israel that he might restore the kingdom
Israel that he might restore the kingdom to rehabilitate Ashim maiya but man of
to rehabilitate Ashim maiya but man of
to rehabilitate Ashim maiya but man of God
God
God speak to Rehoboam the son of solomon
speak to Rehoboam the son of solomon
speak to Rehoboam the son of solomon king of judah to all the house of Judah
king of judah to all the house of Judah
king of judah to all the house of Judah and Benjamin and to the rest of the
and Benjamin and to the rest of the
and Benjamin and to the rest of the people saying thus says the Lord you
people saying thus says the Lord you
people saying thus says the Lord you shall not go up nor fight against your
shall not go up nor fight against your
shall not go up nor fight against your brethren the children of Israel that
brethren the children of Israel that
brethren the children of Israel that every man returned to his house for this
every man returned to his house for this
every man returned to his house for this thing is from me
therefore they obeyed the word of the
therefore they obeyed the word of the Lord and turn back according to the word
Lord and turn back according to the word
Lord and turn back according to the word of the Lord then Jeroboam built Shechem
of the Lord then Jeroboam built Shechem
of the Lord then Jeroboam built Shechem in the mountains of Ephraim and dwelt
in the mountains of Ephraim and dwelt
in the mountains of Ephraim and dwelt there also he went out from there and
there also he went out from there and
there also he went out from there and built vineyard and Jeroboam said in his
built vineyard and Jeroboam said in his
built vineyard and Jeroboam said in his heart now the kingdom they returned to
heart now the kingdom they returned to
heart now the kingdom they returned to the house of David
the house of David
the house of David if these people go up to offer
if these people go up to offer
if these people go up to offer sacrifices in the house of the Lord of
sacrifices in the house of the Lord of
sacrifices in the house of the Lord of Jerusalem then the heart of his people
Jerusalem then the heart of his people
Jerusalem then the heart of his people will turn back to their Lord
will turn back to their Lord
will turn back to their Lord riah born king of judah and they will
riah born king of judah and they will
riah born king of judah and they will kill me and go back to raya born king of
kill me and go back to raya born king of
kill me and go back to raya born king of judah therefore the king asked advice
judah therefore the king asked advice
judah therefore the king asked advice made to calves of gold and said to the
made to calves of gold and said to the
made to calves of gold and said to the people and is too much for you to go up
people and is too much for you to go up
people and is too much for you to go up to Jerusalem here are your God's o
to Jerusalem here are your God's o
to Jerusalem here are your God's o Israel which brought you up from the
Israel which brought you up from the
Israel which brought you up from the land of Egypt and he set up one in
land of Egypt and he set up one in
land of Egypt and he set up one in Bethel and the other he puttin down how
Bethel and the other he puttin down how
Bethel and the other he puttin down how this thing became a sin for the people
this thing became a sin for the people
this thing became a sin for the people went to worship before the one as far as
went to worship before the one as far as
went to worship before the one as far as Dan he made shrines on the high places
Dan he made shrines on the high places
Dan he made shrines on the high places and made priests from every class of
and made priests from every class of
and made priests from every class of people who were not of the sons of Levi
people who were not of the sons of Levi
people who were not of the sons of Levi Jeroboam ordained a feast on the
Jeroboam ordained a feast on the
Jeroboam ordained a feast on the fifteenth day of the 8th month like the
fifteenth day of the 8th month like the
fifteenth day of the 8th month like the feast that was in Judah and offered
feast that was in Judah and offered
feast that was in Judah and offered sacrifices on the altar so he did at
sacrifices on the altar so he did at
sacrifices on the altar so he did at Bethel sacrificing to the calves that he
Bethel sacrificing to the calves that he
Bethel sacrificing to the calves that he had made and at Bethel he installed the
had made and at Bethel he installed the
had made and at Bethel he installed the priests of the high places which he had
priests of the high places which he had
priests of the high places which he had made
made
made so he made offerings on the altar which
so he made offerings on the altar which
so he made offerings on the altar which he had made at Bethel on the 15th day of
he had made at Bethel on the 15th day of
he had made at Bethel on the 15th day of the eighth month in the month which he
the eighth month in the month which he
the eighth month in the month which he had devised in his own heart and he
had devised in his own heart and he
had devised in his own heart and he ordained a feast for the children of
ordained a feast for the children of
ordained a feast for the children of Israel and offered sacrifices on the
Israel and offered sacrifices on the
Israel and offered sacrifices on the altar and burned incense
altar and burned incense
altar and burned incense [Music]